README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Tic_Tac_Toe

## Description

[Tic-tac-toe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tic-tac-toe) for two players, X and O, who take turns marking the spaces in a 3×3 grid. The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a diagonal, horizontal, or vertical row is the winner.

![TicTacToe](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_8fYYQ_kig7o/TMpVUB_VKzI/AAAAAAAAAzM/Im2AINBK43o/s1600/tictactoe.png)

In this project a tic-tac-toe game is built, where two human players can play against each other, the board is displayed on the command line and gets updated between turns.

## Built With

- Ruby

## Installation

1. Run the following command into your terminal: </br> 
```console git clone git@github.com:John-Arboleda/Tic_Tac_Toe.git ``` 

2. Make sure you have Ruby installed on your computer

    [Click here for Ubuntu](https://stackify.com/install-ruby-on-ubuntu-everything-you-need-to-get-going/) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
    [Click here for Windows](https://stackify.com/install-ruby-on-windows-everything-you-need-to-get-going/)

3. Usage Run the following command into your terminal: </br>
```console ruby bin/main ```

## How to play

1. The game begins by asking the players to enter their names.
2. Player 1 will have the "X" marker, player 2 the "O" marker.
3. To make a move, enter a digit between 1 and 9.
4. To win the game a player would have to fill a row, column, or diagonal with their marker.
5. If the board is full with no winner, a draw will be declared.
6. Enjoy!

![How to play](https://cdn.filestackcontent.com/bPdQkJMORGm38xwdVxTp)

## Authors

👤 **Carlos**

- GitHub: [@carlos-osorio-developer](https://github.com/carlos-osorio-developer) 
- Twitter: [@OsorioDevelops](https://twitter.com/@OsorioDevelops) 
- LinkedIn: [Carlos Osorio](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlos-osorio-developer/) 

👤 **Amal Hersi**

- GitHub: [@Amalcxc](https://github.com/Amalcxc)
- Twitter: [@Amalcx4](https://twitter.com/Amalcx4)
- LinkedIn: [Amal Hersi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/amal-hersi-a29583205/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/John-Arboleda/Tic_Tac_Toe/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Project originally taken from The Odin Project
- Project inspired by Microverse Program

>## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add testing instructions into README.md file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Tic_Tac_Toe

## Description

[Tic-tac-toe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tic-tac-toe) for two players, X and O, who take turns marking the spaces in a 3×3 grid. The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a diagonal, horizontal, or vertical row is the winner.

![TicTacToe](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_8fYYQ_kig7o/TMpVUB_VKzI/AAAAAAAAAzM/Im2AINBK43o/s1600/tictactoe.png)

In this project a tic-tac-toe game is built, where two human players can play against each other, the board is displayed on the command line and gets updated between turns.

## Built With

- Ruby

## Installation

1. Run the following command into your terminal: </br> 
```console git clone git@github.com:John-Arboleda/Tic_Tac_Toe.git ``` 

2. Make sure you have Ruby installed on your computer

    [Click here for Ubuntu](https://stackify.com/install-ruby-on-ubuntu-everything-you-need-to-get-going/) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
    [Click here for Windows](https://stackify.com/install-ruby-on-windows-everything-you-need-to-get-going/)

3. Usage Run the following command into your terminal: </br>
```console ruby bin/main ```

## How to play

1. The game begins by asking the players to enter their names.
2. Player 1 will have the "X" marker, player 2 the "O" marker.
3. To make a move, enter a digit between 1 and 9.
4. To win the game a player would have to fill a row, column, or diagonal with their marker.
5. If the board is full with no winner, a draw will be declared.
6. Enjoy!

![How to play](https://cdn.filestackcontent.com/bPdQkJMORGm38xwdVxTp)

## How to test 

1. Open your terminal
2. To install Rspec, run the following command into your terminal: </br>
``` gem install rspec ```
3. Go to your local project repository with the cd command.
4. To run the test examples, run the following command into your terminal: </br>
``` rspec ```

## Authors

👤 **Carlos**

- GitHub: [@carlos-osorio-developer](https://github.com/carlos-osorio-developer) 
- Twitter: [@OsorioDevelops](https://twitter.com/@OsorioDevelops) 
- LinkedIn: [Carlos Osorio](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlos-osorio-developer/) 

👤 **Amal Hersi**

- GitHub: [@Amalcxc](https://github.com/Amalcxc)
- Twitter: [@Amalcx4](https://twitter.com/Amalcx4)
- LinkedIn: [Amal Hersi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/amal-hersi-a29583205/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/carlos-osorio-developer/tic-tac-toe-testing/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Project originally taken from The Odin Project
- Project inspired by Microverse Program

>## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
